Attack Plan:

SQL:
TABLE bid(): rideID, ClientID, bid. Stores All the the bids!! Ever!!!

TABLE completed_ride(): rideID, clientID, final_price


PHP:
- Create the following pages:

1) Common for driver and client:
	
	db_connect.php
		Connects to database and the variable is "$con"

	db_close.php
		Closes connection and sets $con to NULL

	index.php
		Just a home page.
	
	login.php
		uses "loginpage.php" as help
		if login is successful
		starts a session and sets a session variable - the email.
		In all following pages we check if the session variable is set.

	register.php
		uses "registerpage.php" as help
		Takes credentials and creates a new person in database. 
		Throws an error if it’s already there.

2) For Client:

	ride.php
		Page that calls the database and displays all the available rides.
			(All rides that are not in TABLE completed_rides)

		You can click on any ride to get details of it ("particularride.php")
		
		You can see the current ”highest bid” on each ride and choose to up it.

	particularride.php
		Simple page, displays the full information of a particular ride.

		You can see the current ”highest bid” on each ride and choose to up it.
	
	completedRides.php
		displays all the ”completed rides” for a given client.
		NOTE: Completed here means all booked rides.

	myBids.php
		Compare the bids I did with the highest bid for the rides. (Can change my bid)

3) For Driver:
	
	addcar.php
		--Not sure if it will be different page or not
		Form which takes all car details and add in database.

	myRides.php
		Checks with the sessionEmail.
		Displays all rides where this user is set as the ”driver”. 	
		There he can see the highest current bid on his drive.
		There he can choose to ”accept” or ”lock in” that ride.
			-Which will add the ride with its current price to ”completed rides”.
		
		(We only keep track of the highest bid and the user that put the highest bid)

	createRide.php
		User can create a ride with him as a driver and set information, car etc…
		Then he sets a starting price on his ride.

		(adding a new entry to the ride Table, with client being null, and a min-price that the creator sets.)


adminPage.php
	where admins can login in. Or only admins can access.

	Displays all 4 pages.
	Options to fuck them up however the admin desires.


	
